c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\FrontEndTask.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\FrontEndTask.pdb
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\obj\Debug\FrontEndTask.dll
c:\users\ppalyekar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\obj\Debug\FrontEndTask.pdb
C:\Users\ppalyekar\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrontEndTask\FrontEndTask\obj\Debug\FrontEndTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
